Hello.
Welcome to the city to Tokyo.
Now we're about to study the different operations that we can have with sensors intensive flow 2.0.
All right.
So before we do any operations let's make a tensor so to do this we can either use the constant function
to make constant tensor which therefore won't be modified.
However we can still put it in an operation or you know you can create a tensor flow variable which
therefore can be modified.
But anyway with the future operations that we're about to do we won't modify it.
So that's why here I created a constant which is a simple 2D tensor of two rows and two columns where
the following cells one two three four right.
One two three four.
And we're going to use this tensor to show the different operations we can do intense flow 2.0 starting
with the addition a simple addition between a scalar and a tensor.
So as you can see here I'm taking my tensor One two three four.
And I'm just adding it plus two to each of the cells inside the tensor.
So you know I don't have to make another 2D tensor with four twos in each of the different cells here.
I can just directly at two and tensor float upon I will understand that we are adding two to each of
the values inside our tensor.
Indeed when we do this and when we get the output well tensor plus two becomes three four five and six.
All right.
So a very simple operation.
Next one the multiplication this time between scalar and a tensor.
So that's exactly the same you take your tensor and you multiply by this calorie you want fight here
and you don't have to multiply it by a the tensor actually you will see later on we include that in
this notebook that we can also do that that product between two tenses and therefore that's when you
multiply two tenses together.
But here with the scholar and a you just need to add your scholar here and you will get indeed five
10 15 and 20.
All right so really really simple but you have to know it.
Then I also added some operations with NUM pi functions that you can use on tensor flow tenses and these
number by functions include for example the square you know taking the square of each element of a tensor.
And that's exactly what we're starting with here.
We are getting the squares of all the numbers inattentive fluid sensor object and to do this well indeed
we used the square function Bynum by to which we input only the tensor you know of which we want to
take the squares of the cells.
And indeed by doing that well we get the following output a new tensor with the following cell 1 which
is 1 squared 4 which is 2 squared 9 which is 3 squared and 16 which is 4 squared.
All right so once again very simple you have to know that you can use directly the NUM by functions
on a tensor float tensor and you don't have to do everything with sense of flow and I give you another
example with the square root you know this time your computing the square root of all the numbers in
your tensor flow tensor object and indeed.
Well that's exactly the same as before but this time you're going to use the Eskew Aarti function by
name by which indeed we'll compute all the square root of the cells in your tensor.
And so indeed.
Well here we get the square root of 1.
Here we get the square root of 2.
Here we get a square root of three.
And here we get the square root of 4 2.
All right.
So now you know it you know and you can also take some other name by functions like the exponential
or the like Gary them whatever you want but wherever the function you choose it's exactly the same just
known by that the function of known by which takes us in put your sense of tensor.
All right then moving on.
Well as we said we can also take the dot product between two sensors but be careful to do this.
You don't do tensor times sensor to 0.
Remember tensor tour is a previous tensor we had before actually let's have a look at it again just
to see where it was exactly.
Here it is tenser too.
Oh that is this 123 for 32 51.
And so we are now computing the dot product between our new tensor here one two three four and distance
to 0 and so we get indeed 87 106 197 and 216.
So what are the computations that led to these results.
This is the matrix product you know that to for example eighty seven.
So on our life we have one two three four on our right tend to flow to 0 is 23 for thirty to fifty one
and the matrix product for the first cell on the upper left is one times twenty three plus two time
thirty two two time thirty two is sixty four and sixty four plus twenty three is eighty seven.
And so we get in you know the first cell eighty seven right.
So that is the matrix spirit maybe you want to check that again on line but you know for example if
you want to do the matrix probe between this and this well on the upper left we do three times five
plus four times 15 on the upper right we do three times ten plus four times twenty then on the lower
left we do five times five plus six times 15 and on the lower right we do five times ten plus six times
20 right.
So the very classic matrix project and so we get this and well the purpose of showing this was not to
do a little linear algebra refresher but to show you how to do the matrix project with that function
by none by which takes as input your two tensor flow sensors.
All right.
And then to finish I also added one nice thing which could be useful for you.
These are the strings intensive flow 2.0.
So we'll see that in the next material and then we'll be ready to move on to some more exciting applications
of tend to flow 2.0 which are of course the neural networks.